
Dear Siva Surendhar,

We have received intimation on your resignation with LWD as June 25, 2018. As per the Exit Process, you are requested to follow the below:

Actionable:
1)	Exit Forms – Please fill attached exit forms, for any queries around completion of the exit formalities and send the exit forms on or before your LWD to:

-	Ujwala Mayekar -  HR Shared Services, Citicorp Services India Limited, Building B-6, 7th Floor, Nirlon Knowledge Park, Off Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400 063, Contact No: 022-61663327

Centralized HRSS exit SPOC:

Ujwala Mayekar/ SOE ID UM64606/ contact number +912261663335  

-	Full & Final Settlement – Will be initiated post Last Working day (Subject to receipt of all exit forms & clearances) and TAT is approx. 45-60 days for F&F settlement excluding retirals.

Diversity Questionnaire needs to be filled in only by female employees via the below survey link: 
https://globalsurveytool.citigroup.net/survey/takeasurvey.aspx?pop=1&id=42479
2)	Update your personal Contact Details - Update your personal contact details in Citi For You via the below link. 

https://citiforyou.citigroup.net/en-us/Pages/MyData.aspx
Update the below mandatory information:

Address
Email Addresses
Phone Number 

Please note that Citi will be using only the registered personal contact details for all future communications post your Last Working Day.

3)	Resignation letter - Submit scanned copy of the resignation letter duly signed by the employee & manager. 

4)	ID card – To be handed over to the Manager/local security desk on LWD.
5)	Tax Proofs - Submit Income Tax Proofs, if any, for computation of Full & Final settlement to the below address along with the attached proof of investment by the 10th of your last month payroll. No proofs will be considered post closure of your last month’s payroll. 
Ketan Shah, HGS International Services Private Limited, (Business Services Division), 02nd    
Floor, Kirabo, 13th Road, Khar (West), Mumbai 400 052

6)	Employee Reimbursement Claims (LTA/Med/Annual Health Checkup/Car Fuel & Maintenance)- Submit reimbursement claims, if any, for computation of Full & Final Settlement, along with the attached benefit claim form, to the below address at least 7 days before your last working day. No claims will be considered post the LWD. 
Geeta Goyle - HGS Business Services Pvt. Ltd., 41, Summerville, 4th Floor, Junction of 14th and 33rd Road, Above Bombay Blue, Bandra (West) Mumbai. 400050
7)	POA - Inform Sameer Upadhyay (su86232) if you hold any Power of Attorney (POA). 
8)	Update your alternate bank account Details – Update your alternate bank account details in Citi For You via the below link. 

             https://citiforyou.citigroup.net/en-us/Pages/PayTimeLeaves.aspx

Update the below mandatory information:

Account Type
Bank ID (OTH- Other Banks)
Account Name
Account Number

Please note that Citi will be using only the registered alternate bank account details updated in Citi for You for purpose of full & final settlement in case your Citibank salary savings account a/c is closed at the time of processing the full & final settlement. 

You will be required to submit the below supporting documents for initiating a RTGS/NEFT into your Non- Citibank account:

Self-attested pan card
Blank cancelled cheque copy for the alternate bank account number updated on Citi for you
Attached Signature verification form

9)	Corporate Credit cards – Employee to close the same on or before LWD and ensure there is no outstanding on the card. In case the dues are not cleared, your Full & Final settlement will be put on hold. Please write to *CTS ASPAC Citi Employees Corporate Card for closing commercial card & corphelpdesk@citi.com for closing the Corporate Visa Card with a Cc to your Offboarding SPOC at least 10 days prior to your last working day. Also kindly get in touch with Citiphones to convert/close your employee platinum card.
10)	Company Car - Please ensure you close your Company car with General Services Team at least 7 days prior to your LWD. In case not closed, your Final settlement will be put on hold. You can reach out to Shital Prabhulkar (sp66868)/ Vaishali Shah (vs63046) for your car closure. 
11)	Business Claims- Any open business expense claim needs to be settled before your last working day. In case the same is not closed, the Manager / any team member needs to raise a Manual SF for resigned employee’s and sent to XPU for processing. Please note, the same will not be processed along with the final dues & needs to be settled separately.

12)	Company Assets - Please submit all the Citi assets like laptop, desgold/ Safeword card, blackberry to the local TOC support team. The official internet card should be submitted to the supervisor. 
13)	Blackberry - if applicable, please inform the service provider to deactivate the connection (card) w.e.f LWD.
14)	Pre-Paid Dues - Please ensure you close all your pre-paid dues or transfer the same to your manager/ team member. In case there are open prepaid in your name, the Final settlement will be put on hold.
15)	Equity Compensation: In case you hold Citi equity awards (Stock Awards), please visit the portal: https://myequitycompensation.citigroup.net/ to access information related to stock awards & options. Please reach out to Country Equity Coordinator- Siddhant Mathur (SM86181) for any further clarification.

16)	Meal Benefit Program: In case you have availed for the Sodexo Card, please ensure you retain your existing card. The balance in the same can be used till the card is valid and no exchange will be done of the card balance to vouchers / cash. You can check on the card balance etc via the ZETA App. In case of any queries please connect with the Sodexo team directly at cardhelpdesk.in@sodexo.com or call on the Toll Free Phone: 1800 1022 423 (Mon to Sat: 9am to 6pm) or visit www.sodexo.co.in.
Note: The last month meal allowance will be processed in your last month salary on pro-rata basis (depending on the last working day).
17)	Exit Interview: Please complete the exit interview through the survey link - https://globalsurveytool.citigroup.net/survey/takeasurvey.aspx?pop=1&id=60195 & reach out to your HRG copied in this mail to set up exit interview discussion at least one week prior to your last working day. Please note that you need to complete the Exit interview survey before your last working day as the link is available only on Citi Intranet & will not be available post your last working day.
18)	Club Membership: If applicable, please ensure you clear the membership dues at least 7 days prior to your LWD and surrender the membership card to the CRS team. In case the dues are not settled, your relieving letter will be with-held. You can reach out to Kavita Gaur (kg87710)/ Vaibhav Kumar (vk42115) for further details. 
19)	Records Management: Please note that the employment records with Citi will be retained indefinitely upon cession of your employment. If you have any concerns, you may reach out to us. If we do not hear back from you within 7 working days of receiving this communication, this will be deemed to have been understood by you.
20)	Please go through the Offboarding presentation in the zipped file for detailed information on the process.
Process related Information:
1)	Salary Account Treatment - Please note that post your last working day, your savings account will be treated as a Retail / Individual account & will be put on charge waiver for the next 90 days. The employee benefits applicable to the account will be discontinued. Please get the address changed from official to residential in the Salary Savings account as the mailing address cannot be Citibank. In case the address is not changed, the bank would be constrained to restrict transactions on your account.  Also, in case Citi email id is updated as your registered Id in your account, please update the same to your personal email ID. Citibank will delete the email Id from your account post the last working day. You are requested to get in touch with the Customer service desk (Citiphones), to understand the terms and conditions applicable to a Citi Suvidha Customer account. Contact Suvidha RM, Tejashree More on Tejashree.more@citi.com (for query not responded on Citiphones ). For queries on closure/conversion of account.- ( Kindly visit nearest Citibank branch in regards to conversion of account to NRO / NRE ).

2)	Gratuity - As per Section 10 of the Income Tax Act, gratuity exemption with a limit of INR 10,00,000 can be paid only once in the life time of the career of the employee. Basis this, you are requested to give us the declaration form duly filled and signed.  In the event, you do not provide the declaration duly signed on or before last working day, we will consider that you as an employee have already availed tax exemption in your prior employments (in the absence of the forms), and charge full tax as per the applicable rate on the amount that is due from Citicorp.We would request you to keep your Citibank account open for at least 60 days from the last working day, so that all the payouts can be credited directly in your Citibank account including Gratuity if applicable. Thereafter in case you wish to close the account or continue, you can connect with the Suvidha RM to understand the formalities as required.
3)	Provident Fund – Is settled separately by RPFC & not a part of the Final Settlement.
a)	Withdrawal Process – PF for Citicorp affiliates is with RPFC (a govt organization) and as per the norm set by them; if you chose to withdraw, the processing can be initiated only after 2 months from the Last Working day. Post receipt of completed forms, we shall send the same for processing to RPFC and they will credit your account (as mentioned in the forms) directly. PF for Citicorp Affiliates is with RPFC Bandra and the PF number is mentioned on the pay slip. 
b)	Transfer Process - PF transfer needs to be initiated from your next employer.
        Please find below the necessary details for PF transfer:

  PF Account no / UAN # - Available on your ayslip
  PF Trust Name – Regional Provident Fund Commissioner 
  Address to dispatch the PF transfer forms: 
  Citi India Retirals, HR Shared Services India,  Citicorp Services India Limited, 
  Building B-6, 7th Floor, Nirlon Knowledge  Park, 
  Off Western Express Highway, Goregaon (East), Mumbai 400 063

4)	Library Subscription - Please follow the steps below: 
If you have any outstanding book from the Kwench online library, please return it to Kwench through the drop box or SPOC or courier as per your current location, before your LWD.
Click the link "Returned to Drop Box" on the My Dashboard section after you log in to the Kwench website www.kwench.in

Click on https://globalsurveytool.citigroup.net/survey/takeasurvey.aspx?pop=1&id=16445 to unsubscribe from the service. If you unsubscribe on or before 14th of the month, the INR 50 deduction will stop in the same month. If you unsubscribe on or after 15th of the month, the deduction will stop from the subsequent month.

If Kwench does not receive your outstanding book before your LWD, the replacement cost of the book as indicated by Kwench, will be deducted from your F&F settlement amount, without any further intimation.

5)	External Email Access - SMTP right is disabled on receipt of the resignation and the user’s mailbox is in IUO (internal use only) status. In case the supervisor thinks it imperative for the employee to have external e-mail communication, approval from Business Head & BISO is required post which a request through Citi Market Place is raised. 

6)	Insurance Portability - In line with IRDA guidelines & portability offering from New India Assurance, we are pleased to inform you that, you now have full portability of your Insurance cover upon separation from Citi and will get full credit of your past insurance history for all the prior years, in a retail plan of New India Assurance. The change of service providers over the last several years will not have any impact and you can move seamlessly to a New India Assurance retail plan upon separation.

You need to drop an email to Surbhi Ghai (sg81833)atleast 15 days prior to your LWD, who will be sharing the contact details of Medimanage team to assist you further with details of this facility & the process to avail this.

7)	Stay Connected - Eligible former employees of Citi can stay connected by joining the Citi Alumni Network.  With alumni in 97 countries and over 18,000 members, it’s an opportunity to expand your professional connections and stay abreast on the impact Citi is making throughout the world.  Learn more about the benefits, resources and opportunities at www.citi.com/alumni.

Dear Kannan,

In order to complete the Access revocation for the exiting employee, you are requested to conduct following reviews on the Last working day of the exiting employee:

Actionable:

A.	*Submit a Terminated Staff Access Removal (TSAR) form in Citi Marketplace. This form will remove access to Citi networks, this includes access to Microsoft Outlook, Blackberry, Good for Enterprise iPhone /iPad, and/or Remote Access Webmail., Single Sign-On, BlackBerry, virtual desktop, Safeword, email, voicemail, building access, corporate credit cards, and any access visible through the Enterprise Entitlement Review System (EERS) - Immediate
* The TSAR can be raised to revoke access for a future date upto a maximum of 30 days from the date of TSAR request.


B.	External Email Access: Manager needs to revoke the SMTP access (User’s ability to send & receive emails from an external mail id) & convert the user’s mailbox to IUO (internal use only) by raising a CMP request. Please use the below link to raise a CMP request to disable the SMTP access within 24 hours. In case you wish to retain the access, you would need to seek approvals from BISO & unit head, post which the SMTP access can be kept intact. Also, refer to the attached guide for steps to raise the CMP. – Immediate Upon Resignation

https://cmp.nj.ssmb.com/marketplace/control/category/~category_id=45395_19261 


C.	Portable Media (RMSD): Revoke access to mass storage devices i.e., USB ports to use DVD/CD RW /FDD, if applicable.- Immediate upon receipt of resignation
D.	Review rights of the employee for access to bulk customer data and remove where possible. In addition, evaluate the business case for continued usage of Laptop (if any) by the said employee and convert to a Desktop if not a business critical requirement - Immediate upon receipt of resignation
E.	Identify alternate ownership for systems like Shared Folders, Armor/ SMS Group and raise to relevant ISA to affect such changes.
F.	Information Ownership: Transfer ownership of Customer accounts relationship, Functional IDs, records information and Electronic Transportable Media.- Immediate upon receipt of resignation
G.	Physical Security: Revoke access to Citi premises and/or revoke access to designated areas.
H.	Please re-map all direct reports of the employee (including NEMS, SMS or any other Citi or 3rd party system) complete and return the attached template to HR Shared Services India, with Unit Head approval. 
I.	Please ensure that all the pre-paids are closed or transferred from the employee name. In case open, F & F will be put on hold.
J.	Please ensure that all Citi owned assets (e.g. Laptop, Blackberry, DES/ Safeword Card, Internet data card etc) are submitted to the local Toc support team and request repossession of official Internet Data Card. 
K.	Kindly get residential address updated in the Salary Savings acc. of the employee. 
L.	Please check if the concerned employee has an eDCFC log in ID. The same should be deleted before the SOE ID of the employee is deleted.
M.	To revoke the employees Power of Attorney/operating / signing authority for accounts held in the name of Citibank. Immediate
N.	Business Supplier relationship Manager:  Please check if the concerned employee is managing any vendor relationship and mapped as BSRM in CASP Database. If so, the Business supplier relationship in CASP database, should be remapped to another employee having at least 2 years of experience in the current function – Immediate
O.	Please go through the Offboarding presentation in the zipped file for your further actionables.

P.	All People Managers need to make necessary reporting changes (DM 1 change) at least 2 days  prior to his/her Last Working Day in Office.

Note: Online tool allows future dated effective date.

In case of Resignation withdrawn, request them to touchbase with alternate current Manager per GDIR to initiate an online transaction again.

Dear Kavithan,

Request you to update the exit interview comments via the below survey link on or before employee’s Last working day:
https://globalsurveytool.citigroup.net/survey/takeasurvey.aspx?pop=1&id=60190

For further clarification please contact Ujwala Mayekar at 022-61663335

Regards,

HR Shared Services
Desk: +91 (22) - 61663335
Email: *CCC IN OFFBOARDING

Explore Ask HRSS – The automated search engine for HRSS queries
Note : In case you are not the intended recipient of this email, please write to *CCC IN Offboarding for action.
